hi guys with you channel tema tv
today we are visiting mini
Izu favorite nieces
twins miles and melodies
they are beautiful and cute
as mini itself includes a swing set
one and two figures
twin mile and melodie
yes I am nice little Mrs. they are small
niece's sopa mini soldering Chelsea
avagyan trade let's open the packaging and
How do you play with him?
beautiful rocky fury folds menu
so they rocked you just need to move
bow on top twins beauty miles and
melody
hi go swing on the rocker
of course they ran
and who will we swing come on
let's call aunt minnie
of course let's call aunt less
what are my good
shake us please of course now i
shake you oh how we like swinging
it's so great we will fly it on
clouds in the sun cheers
Aunt Minnie Aunt Minnie
that girls something has become very hot to us
yes and what do you want we want ice cream
ice cream oh well girls and let's
Let's try to make ice cream yourself, it's like
we 'll take playdough clay and blind
any ice cream you want
great let's sculpt take
two cups to me pink good and me
yellow hold
5 names
look at what ice cream we have
It turned out what beautiful what are you
Well done girls they look very
delicious date i love green ice cream
I love pink
Well, what are you waiting proceed s
Yami very tasty guys and you can
ice cream try too you
sure to thank you guys that
watch our video subscribe
put a comment and say what else
toys would you like to see king
the fairy tale was very hard to believe state and file
at ma baker
he is the topic of 3 villa teams
buy
Well